## About ##
In this project, an app is developed that allows to share sensitive passwords 
etc with the loved ones. 
1) Input any sensitive text information such as bank account info., account 
passwords. 
2) The app will store the sensitive information in an encrypted format in a 
file. 
3) The stored information will be encrypted using a AES2-256 key with GCM 
mode by a key using the user supplied password. Basically, given the user 
password and salting, an encryption key will be generated and the 
sensitive information will be encrypted using the encryption key generated by 
the password. 
4) User should be able to open the file as often as they want. The file stored in 
the cloud should be checked for any unauthorized modification. If the file is 
modified, an error warning the user will be displayed. 
5) User will be allowed to change the contents of the file as often as they want. 
During the update process, the encrypted file will be downloaded from the 
Google cloud, checked for any unauthorized modification. If the file is 
modified, an error warning the user will be displayed. 
6) User should have the option to change the password used, and store the 
contents with a new password. 
7) Sharing with the loved ones: 
The main novelty of this app is that in case something happens to the user, user should be able to let the loved ones to 
access the contents of the file. 
a. Due to security concerns, the user may not want any one person to 
decrypt the file but may use t out of n Shamir secret sharing to secretly 
share the AES key with n people such that, any t of them can come 
together to decrypt the file. 


## To run this application: ##

* Generate the "client_secrets.json" file while setting up the Google API 

* Run aes_interface.py using the basic python command.

* Select either encrypt or decrypt option and follow the instructions accordingly

## Areas of improvement: ##

* The Shamir secret sharing has been integrated with the encryption process. The developer has the option to separate the two processes.

* While changing the password, and uploading the file with newly encrypted details, it does not delete the previous version of the file which should be deleted from the cloud.
